src/iso18013/README.md, before:

## ISO18013

This module provides methods to obtain data structures necessary for the processes defined in the `ISO-18013` standard.

```typescript
import { ISO18013 } from '@pagopa/io-react-native-cbor';
```

### Methods

#### `generateOID4VPDeviceResponse`

Generates CBOR of the *Device Response* containing all the claims that have been chosen to be presented during an *OID4VP* session.

Returns a `Promise` which resolves to a `string` containing the CBOR of the **Device Response** object or rejects with an instance of `CoseFailure` in case of failures.

```typescript
try {
    const result = await ISO18013.generateOID4VPDeviceResponse(
        clientId,
        responseUri,
        authorizationRequestNonce,
        mdocGeneratedNonce,
        documents,
        fieldRequestedAndAccepted
    );
} catch (error: any) {
  const { message, userInfo } = e as CoseFailure;
}
```

#### Signature

```typescript
type DocRequested = {
    issuerSignedContent : string,
    alias : string,
    docType : string
}

export const generateOID4VPDeviceResponse = async (
  clientId: string,
  responseUri: string,
  authorizationRequestNonce: string,
  mdocGeneratedNonce: string,
  documents: DocRequested[],
  fieldRequestedAndAccepted: Record<string, any> | string
) : Promise<string> => {...};
```


### Error Codes

| Type                        | Platform    | Description                                        |
| --------------------------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| UNABLE_TO_GENERATE_RESPONSE | Android/iOS | Failure during the generation of a response        |
| UNKNOWN_EXCEPTION           | Android/iOS | Unexpected failure                                 |

Commit message:

feat: [WLEO-324] Implemented OID4VP Response method on iOS, standardized namespaces interface on both the platforms, refined error codes (#6)
## Short description

This PR implements the `generateOID4VPDeviceResponse` on iOS, aligns the
expected credential namespaces format to the _two-levels-nested_ one
defined in the standard, e.g.:

``` json
{
    "org.iso.18013.5.1.mDL": {
        "org.iso.18013.5.1": {
            "height": true,
            "weight": true
        }
    }
}
```

and refines error handling by creating proper error codes for the
various error scenarios of the native methods.

## List of changes proposed in this pull request

- iOS implementation : Added helper method in
`ios/IoReactNativeCbor.swift` to deserialize/process the passed
documents before passing them to the proper method for generating the
device response.

- Android interface standardization : Upgraded native dependencies for
CBOR and Proximity to 1.2.0, the main interface for response generation
has remained untouched.

- Error handling refinement: Added proper exceptions and error codes for
the response generation method, created scenarios in the example app to
see if the method throws such errors upon receiving incorrect data,
added proper documentation.

## How to test

0. Since the native dependencies have been upgraded, start from a clean
install on both the iOS and Android platforms.
1. Run the example app .
2. Under the **ISO18013** section, run the test options, the first one
**should** succeed in generating the response, the other three
**should** throw an error (Note: the methods that are expected to throw
errors will use the success emoji (✅) when they throw it)

src/iso18013/README.md, after:

## ISO18013

This module provides methods to obtain data structures necessary for the processes defined in the `ISO-18013` standard.

```typescript
import { ISO18013 } from '@pagopa/io-react-native-cbor';
```

### Methods

#### `generateOID4VPDeviceResponse`

Generates CBOR of the *Device Response* containing all the claims that have been chosen to be presented during an *OID4VP* session.

Returns a `Promise` which resolves to a `string` containing the CBOR of the **Device Response** object or rejects with an instance of `CoseFailure` in case of failures.

```typescript
try {
    const result = await ISO18013.generateOID4VPDeviceResponse(
        clientId,
        responseUri,
        authorizationRequestNonce,
        mdocGeneratedNonce,
        documents,
        fieldRequestedAndAccepted
    );
} catch (error: any) {
  const { message, userInfo } = e as CoseFailure;
}
```

#### Signature

```typescript
type DocRequested = {
    issuerSignedContent : string,
    alias : string,
    docType : string
}

export const generateOID4VPDeviceResponse = async (
  clientId: string,
  responseUri: string,
  authorizationRequestNonce: string,
  mdocGeneratedNonce: string,
  documents: DocRequested[],
  fieldRequestedAndAccepted: Record<string, any> | string
) : Promise<string> => {...};
```


### Error Codes

| Type                              | Platform    | Description                                                        |
| --------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| UNABLE_TO_GENERATE_RESPONSE       | Android/iOS | Failure during the generation of a response                        |
| DOC_REQUESTED_PARSING_EXCEPTION   | Android/iOS | The passed documents where in a bad format or contained wrong data |
| REQUESTED_ITEMS_PARSING_EXCEPTION | iOS         | The passed items where in a bad format                             |
| UNABLE_TO_GENERATE_TRANSCRIPT     | Android     | There has been an error generating the session transcript          |
| UNKNOWN_EXCEPTION                 | Android/iOS | Unexpected failure                                                 |
